heyo so I am back finally to tell you
guys about this hair give you an update
on this hair that I'm wearing this is
the VIP Beauty mink Brazilian body wave
I've been wearing this hair for about
two months two months going on three and
basically I've been wearing it everyday
it is a wing that I constructed myself
so yes I take the thing off every night
pop it off so it you know wherever and
put it back over the next morning these
curls have been in here for these aren't
even curls and wears like little way so
they've been here for a couple days I
knew since the weekend or so I don't
really get up and Carlos this is after
on my nine hours at work today and a
little mo this is what you get this is
the VIP Beauty mink Brazilian body wave
and I have it in the inches 1820 and 222
and I have a 14 inch closure so let me
get into what you want to know scale one
to ten I honestly can't remember what I
gave the hair before but I probably give
it about a seven okay nothing good
nothing bad acting because like I said
if you guys remember I only paid like
$100 for this hair like give or take a
dollars and change so first thing about
the hair it is still really really soft
I do love that about the hair it is so
so soft except for the closure the
closure isn't as soft as the other hair
is definitely more stiff so when I'm
trying to style it you see it's kind of
good that is stiff and it'll just stay
wherever I wanted to but when I'm trying
to feel fancy and free honey and you
know do my flip over or what have you
got to show you it is it don't
and don't do what she's supposed to do
okay and I don't hate her for cuz like
that that I didn't pay much for her but
she had to do me like that
you see I'm saying um the closure
definitely definitely less when you know
when it's time to watch this unit it
gets a little more stiff than usual now
when it is super duper freshly washed
and I believe I watched it this week
last weekend but it is super duper fresh
you watch yes all the hair is like
butter but after a few days and I don't
have any product in this hair at all not
I mean nothing
oh and so this is what you get I
definitely feel like I'm dumping it in
it okay anything that you put in this
hair is going to weigh it down and just
make it look and feel dirty I feel like
just a regular day elements make this
hair feel a soul not feel but make it
look and you feel because it feels
really like wash me girl I don't know if
that makes sense but just take my word
for it
okay I would recommend watching it every
week watching this hair every week and
if you actually had a name like a sew-in
I don't know how but you would probably
want to do it more often than even back
okay okay I'm shedding I'm be real with
you can y'all see that
probably not no girl okay that's cool
just know it's there I did not want to
say much about the shaving to my initial
video because like I said I felt like I
didn't give it time to shed some of that
hair where I had some through a left or
on any pieces of tugging and pulling
that I had done just anything that would
make you know not give it a fair try
this bit there it says it definitely
shades the hair holds a curl but not an
amazing hold it does hold a curl
is not gonna be a tight curling if you
curl this super tight I feel like mmm
[Music]
not even midday
you're probably half of a wave which for
me somebody left me is fine because I'm
not like a super straight haired girl I
did wear my hair straight in this video
where I was doing my makeup so you guys
can see how bad listen this is a super
duper curly like I said I honestly did
not I believe I put like the big green
flexi rod and so probably up that big
and just you know just enough like I
said to give you a little ways nothing
major I put the small within the front
here in the closure so I put one smaller
one in the closure that's why it has a
little bit more above and because like I
said it's not as buttery as this hair
down here it that's another reason why
it has more of a wave and has held a
little bit better but except for
somebody like me who doesn't really live
for super curly hair this is fine
and if you are also that way this is
gonna be fine for you so like I told you
guys before if you can find this hair
for a good part to you um go for it so
for me a hundred dollars like one
hundred dollars five pieces ardian um I
don't know just for me and my pockets I
wouldn't pay 150 for it though okay
that's just how um that's what I think
of it let's see what else Oh so as far
as like my dealings with the bender I
wanted to kind of see if they will hold
their end of the deal just I can tell
you guys that and they're in luck for me
like I said I just went for it because
it was a sale and I've heard really
great things about the hair on YouTube
so that made me curious and I wanted to
try it and 100 I always say try it but
for those of you who are like trying to
earn money doing hair reviews or
something I got a little piece of info
for you so this vendor is Vera Ally she
did not hold up or they did not hold up
there into the deal I believe was like
if you do a review they give you
the amount of money back or send you a
PayPal or whatever I did go ahead and
give them a review on their page and if
you go to that page with the link to the
hair that I purchased you will see my
review along with pictures for other
people just because I know that when I'm
purchasing here I love for somebody to
leave a review and just girl just give
me a little piece of info or what I'm
going to get myself into please please
please
so I did do that so hopefully that
helped somebody and I did go back and
update my review also with you know what
I feel about the hair or what I thought
about the hair I think it was maybe like
three weeks ago okay
they don't know if they're into the deal
they don't give me back any money they
don't give me an H or coupons nothing
nothing nothing once you pay for it once
you buy the hair from them really girls
they got your coin and there you go and
my babies into the next girl okay if
there's anything else that you feel like
I missed in this hair of you or that you
want to know please let me know I look
as I was I'm be honest with you guys
about the shedding yes it is every
single time you run your fingers for
when you were going to get hair off of
every piece of one of these buckets I
promise you
tangling it does not tangle so bad
honestly um of course at the mate there
is some but it's not anything you can't
like you know you know how you do just
wither that little thing it through
there you see see see that okay but
nothing that you need about home to mom
about okay so I'm so if there's anything
once again that you guys feeling I
missed on this review I promise I've had
this hair since November and I pretty
much been wearing it every single day if
you do follow me anywhere you know that
for my birthday I had me a little
ponytail going on but other than that
this has been the hair that I've been
wearing because um for number one that's
really hot in my life and for number two
I know that you guys want to see someone
who's actually like wearing this hair
not like a guru who wears the hair for
to tourism just pop on the other wing
herbs they got it like that everybody
ain't got it like that so when I buy
some hair I wear some hair um with that
said I believe that is it anything you
want to know anything I missed anything
anything
I got you just leave a comment down
below I got you don't forget to like
this video give me a thumbs up subscribe
to my channel if you are not already I
absolutely love you guys thank you so
much for watching and it's ending inches
let's see